## Modern cell configuration

https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10027

Presenter: _Tylor Fox_

- **Getting started with configurations**
  - In iOS 13, we use the built-in imageView and textLabel properties on `UITableViewCell` to display an image and some text.
  - In iOS 14, we use the content configuration to describe the cell appearance for a specific state
  - This is how you configure a cell using a content configuration:
    - `var content = cell.defaultContentConfiguration()` This always returns a fresh configuration without any content set on it. Don't need to think about the old state at all.
    - Set the image and text on the content configuration. 
    - `cell.contentConfiguration = content` As soon as we call this, the cell is updated to display the image and text that we specified.
  - Same code to configure any cell and any view that supports content configurations.
  - Composable, lightweight, very inexpensive to create and built for performance
- **Configuration types**
  - Background Configuration
    - let you set things such as background color, visual effect, stroke, insets, corner radius and custom view
  - List Content Configuration
    - let you set things such as image, text, secondary text, layout metrics and behaviors
- **Configuration state**
  - Configuration state represents the various inputs that you use to configure your cells and views.
  - Each cell, header and footer has its own configuration state.
  - **Two Types**
    - **View configuration state**
      - Trait collection
      - 4 states: highlighted, selected, disabled and focused
      - Custom state: this is key-value storage to add any extra states or data that use to configuring your view.
    - **Cell configuration state**
      - Everything from the View configuration state
      - Editing, swiped, expanded
      - Drag and drop states
    - When `automaticallyUpdatesContentConfiguration` is true, The cell automatically calls `updated(for:)` on its contentConfiguration when the cell’s configurationState changes, and applies the updated configuration back to the cell. The default value is true.
    - When `automaticallyUpdatesBackgroundConfiguration` is true, the cell automatically calls `updated(for:)` on its backgroundConfiguration when the cell’s configurationState changes, and applies the updated configuration back to the cell. The default value is true.
    - You can override `updateConfiguration(using:)` to manually update and customize the content configuration, disable automatic updates by setting this property to false. This method is called before your cell first displays and will be called anytime the configuration state have changed.
