## Advances in `UICollectionView`

https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10097

Presenters: _Steve Breen_

**Diffable Data Source**
Recap
- `UICollectionView` was first released in iOS 6
- `UICollectionView` was built on the separation of concerns between the data, or the "what"; from the layout, the "where" content is being rendered.
- For layout, an abstract class is `UICollectionViewLayout`, and a concrete subclass is `UICollectionViewFlowLayout`.
- For the presentation, there are `UICollectionViewCell` and `UICollectionReusableView`.
- In iOS 13, there are two new components for Data and Layout respectively with Diffable Data Source and Compositional Layout. 
Section snapshot [New in iOS 14]
- Allow data sources to be more composable into section-sized chunks of data.
- Allow modeling of hierarchical data, which is needed to support rendering outline-style UIs.

**Compositional Layout**
Recap
- Compositional Layout was introduced in iOS 13
- Allows us to build rich, complex layouts by composing smaller, easy-to-reason bits of layout together.
- Describes what the layout to look like instead of how the layout ought to work.
- Section-specific layouts to help you build more sophisticated UIs
- Support for orthogonal scrolling sections.
Lists [New in iOS 14]
-  `UITableView`-like sections right in to any `UICollectionView`.
- Rich with features you've come to expect from `UITableView`, like swipe actions and many common cell layouts. 
- Easily mix and match Lists with other kinds of layout on a per-section basis.
- Concrete `UICollectionViewListCell`, header and footer support
- New Sidebar appearance we see in many iPadOS system apps.

**Modern Cells**
Cell registrations
- Simple, reusable way to set up a cell from a view model.
- Eliminate the extra step of registering a cell class or nib to associate it with a reuse identifier.
- Use a generic registration type which incorporates a configuration closure for setting up a new cell from a view model.
Cell content configurations. 
- Standardized layouts for cells similar to what is seen in `UITableView` standard cell types.
- Can be used with any cell, or even a generic UIView. 
Background configurations. 
- Similar to content configurations but apply to any cell's background with the ability to adjust properties such as color, border styles and more.
